what's up everyone the Cybernet 8610 and
today we have a little bit of a yugioh
new / discussion video for you guys
ukyo's el clash duel carnival of course
i'm sure most you've heard about that
that's kind of older news but we finally
hit the promo cards for you you know
just like always there and made 3 promo
cards mrs. coming out of course winter
of 2013 for japan i think we're going to
get this i mean it's for nintendo 3ds i
think we'll see this more likely early
next year would be my guess I mean
because yeah I would really like to have
this game over here anyway it's supposed
to have like tech force games to even
exclusive cars from the anime so that's
the main part of Exile that's what I
loved about tag force but anyway back to
what we need to talk about in the 3
promo cards that they are all owned by
annika bloom I don't remember if that's
her name in the Japanese anime or if
it's just English dub I'd also notice a
change in names I'm really watch much
the English dub so I don't know but yeah
it's the girl you know these all those
machine cards are like rats i think some
kind of like rocket or bomb or something
anyway i basically a bunch of cards to
bring out gustav or other ranked in
monsters so here we go first off we had
snow plow hustle rustle so yeah those
konami names this is Earth level 10 to
this 500 attack 3,000 defense it's
effectives when an opponent's monster
declares a direct attack while you
control a card in your spell or trap
card zone you can switch summon this
card from your hand then destroy all
cards in your spell or trap card zone if
you do in flick 200 damage your opponent
for each you cannot special summon any
monsters except machine monsters easy to
summon monster of course you know when
when they just declare the direct tech
not actually get hit with a direct
attack thanks for some in this card so
it's a great way to protect yourself and
easy level 10 to bring out there for
ranked in monsters I mean pursue i guess
like the main one you're going to go for
is Gustav of course and yeah some kind
of machine build you deal with with
using some of the other ones like rocket
arrow I guess to this makes me want to
try to build something like that so
maybe you maybe I will after this video
if everything is on like you gear pro or
don't work or one of those places anyway
the next card though that we have is
night Express night of course at night
cardi so I'm going to like this let's
see it is a level 10
muster earth machine 3000 3000 defense
and detect is you can normal summon this
card without tributing its original tech
become zero I could see us working with
skill drain top decks of course this
wood has like the same function as a
last card in a way where it's an easier
to summon level 10 monster to go for
rank 10 monsters make it a little easier
to do for some of those and yeah I mean
what more is there to say I can see it
working with skill drain and I'm hoping
that the actual artwork because only one
really have snow plow like the actual
artwork that's going to come out hoping
the artworks will be really nice to of
course because it's a night card I want
this card don't judge me and are less
government about is special schedule of
course this is a spell card that will
work with the previous two cars like
always and here we go target one
machine-type monster with 3000 attack or
more in your graveyard sort of some in
that and face up defense position you
can only I tell you one social schedule
per turn it if this set card sent to the
graveyard you can target 1 level 10
machine-type monster graveyard and add
it to your hand basically just a way to
get both the other two monsters out
easier as special schedule works you
know of course by bringing out not
expressed night with just its normal
thick and then when it's set of course
you can easily use the snowplows effect
and I send it to the grave grab by
special summoning and it works with that
where you can of course get a
machine-type monster engraver and add it
to your hand I have I see this working
out really well actually so yeah what do
you guys think about these cards which
one do you think is the best I kind of
like the night Express that I see that
one being probably the better card of
three just because I can see it working
easily with like maybe like skill drain
or something I don't know I kind of like
because there's not as much restrictions
on it just a normal summon really and
then you get an easy level 10 monster
and of course it's a night card so I'm a
little biased on that right I have to go
with the night card it it's law see you
tell me what you guys came with these
three cards thank you for watching of
course like i said i really do think
we're going to get this in a over here
I'm i would really assume like not march
would be my guess I think that's usually
when we got some of the older games
that's gonna be my guess I'm gonna get
some March but I really do think I'll be
early next year really hope so and I'm
also hoping maybe they'll bring over the
Digimon games and the cardfight vanguard
aim for the 3ds come on with the pokemon
game coming out of course 3ds is people
are going to be buying them so
bring us a bunch of new games I'd love
to have a bunch of my favorite card
games on on my three years as well so
yup how much you guys thinking of course
thank you for watching and link will be
in or more info will be in the
description alright later guys
you